[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi.
I'm Dr. Theresa Bullard,
host of "Mystery Teachings."
And today, I'm going to lead
you through a meditation
on the archetypes of The
Magician and The High
Priestess.
Now, together, these
awaken within us the
divine masculine and
feminine energies.
The magician also shows us
how to contact and direct
source energy, while The
High Priestess helps us
with self-reflection,
introspection,
and gaining access
to hidden knowledge.
Let's now explore some practical
and experiential things
that we can do to work with both
these archetypes, The Magician
and The High Priestess.
Here's a formula to follow
for invoking these two
archetypes into your life.
We'll first work with
one card at a time,
beginning with The Magician.
Once you're ready, find the
Magician card in your deck
and take it out.
Place this card in front
of you at eye level.
So if you have a meditation
stool or a cushion,
you can sit on that with
a table in front of you.
And place the card
upright on the table.
Get yourself into a relaxed
position and a light meditative
state.
Empty your mind and
make sure that you're
in a positive or at least
a neutral state of being,
meaning nothing's disturbing
you mentally or emotionally.
Now, look at the image of The
Magician card for a while,
about 5 to 10 minutes,
with your eyes open.
Study its imagery and symbolism.
Take in all the details.
Really allow it to
penetrate into your mind.
I'll remain silent now
for the next five minutes
as we now meditate on the
symbolism of the card.
Then, take it inside.
Close your eyes and work with
it in your mind for another 10
minutes.
Recreate the image inside.
Bring all the level
of detail that you
can into this inner image as you
build it up within your mind.
Once the image is firmly
established in your mind,
let it come to life.
Engage your active imagination.
Use all five of your senses
and allow that magician
to come to life.
Observe him for a while.
Feel the energy that
The Magician emanates.
Notice how he behaves
and what he does.
You might even ask a question or
receive some kind of a teaching
from The Magician.
And then, when you're ready,
merge with The Magician.
Become The Magician.
See yourself as The Magician.
And again, use all
five of your senses
to fully engage in this process
of becoming The Magician.
And when you feel
integrated with this energy,
stand up and actually take on
the posture of The Magician.
Assume his archetypal form
and his body position,
putting your right hand up and
the left hand pointing down.
And holding that
position, you're
going to say this affirmation.
I am the Magus of power.
It is by will alone that
I set my mind in motion.
Now, you'll do the same process
with The High Priestess card.
Begin with studying
and meditating
upon The High Priestess
with your eyes
open for 5 to 10 minutes again.
Take the image inside.
Close your eyes.
Build up that image inside.
And recreate all the
details within yourself.
And then, work with
it in your inner mind.
Work this process again
for another 10 minutes
with the internal
building up of this image.
And then, when you're
ready, let her come to life.
Give her this freedom to
start to move, to express.
Use your active imagination.
Engage all five of your senses.
And observe her behavior.
Notice what she does.
Maybe she has a
message or a teaching.
And feel her energy
and her ways of being.
When you feel integrated with
this energy, sit up in a chair
and actually take on the
posture of The High Priestess.
Assume her archetypal form.
Imagine yourself sitting
between those two pillars
with a scroll in your lap,
a crown upon your head.
And from that position,
say this affirmation,
I am The Priestess
of the Silver Star.
I am the Prima Materia.
All matter is
birthed through me.
Next, place both The Magician
and The High Priestess
cards next to each other,
with The Magician on the left
and The High Priestess
on the right.
And meditate upon them together.
See how they
contrast each other.
Also see how they
complement each other.
The Magician stimulates
your will and ability
to concentrate, while
The High Priestess
stimulates your intuition
and memory abilities.
Give this some time of
working with them together.
And allow their energies to
harmonize and synchronize
within you.
Now, the final step is
to take these energies
and express them
into your outer life.
For example, bring
the primary colors
of yellow for The Magician and
blue for The High Priestess
into your environment
or your color of dress.
Also, meditate upon these
symbols and images daily
for the next week.
Keep working with the cards
and the visualization process.
Also work with the
affirmations that we just used.
Use it every day.
Contemplate the
meaning of each card
and how it applies to your life.
And watch for these archetypes
to appear in your dreams.
And if they do,
analyze their messages.
And pay attention to how
you embody the strengths
and the weaknesses of each one.
And then, consciously
work to make
improvements in these areas,
turning the shadow into light.
And then, realize, again, that
when working with archetypes,
they will set forces
in motion in your life.
So if you want to really
engage this process
and really work with
this experience,
then commit to seeing it
all the way through, working
with each key in the full
order and sequence given,
not skipping steps, really
giving it your full attention.
Join me again as
we explore further
into the 22 archetypes
of Tarot and how
they can help us to make our
big shift in consciousness.